Service representation GA: docs changes (#26018)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/services/resource_page.md

{{< img src="tracing/visualization/service/latency_distribution_sidebar.png" alt="A close-up of the latency distribution graph sidebar which allows filtering on percentiles" style="width:50%;">}}

## Dependency Map 

Use the Dependency Map to view a flow graph of all of a resource's upstream and downstream service dependencies.  The map is scoped to the requests flowing through the selected service and resource  (endpoint, database query, etc.) you're focused on. [Inferred service dependencies][10] like databases, queues or third-party services are represented with a purple background node.

> Click on a downstream or upstream service node to see which resources are invoked in the request flow. To focus on a particular request path, select a node an click `set as start/end`. The map will be filtered to focus on the requests that also flow through this upstream or downstream dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on a downstream or upstream service node to see which resources are invoked in the request flow. To focus on a particular request path, select a node an click `set as start/end`. This filters the map to focus on the requests that also flow through this upstream or downstream dependency.
```
